CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Setting up the environment

To set up the repository, run:

```sh
$ ./scripts/bootstrap
$ ./scripts/lint
```

This will install all the required dependencies and build the SDK.

You can also [install go 1.22+ manually](https://go.dev/doc/install).

## Modifying/Adding code

Most of the SDK is generated code. Modifications to code will be persisted between generations, but may
result in merge conflicts between manual patches and changes from the generator. The generator will never
modify the contents of the `lib/` and `examples/` directories.

## Adding and running examples

All files in the `examples/` directory are not modified by the generator and can be freely edited or added to.

```go
# add an example to examples/<your-example>/main.go

package main

func main() {
  // ...
}
```

```sh
$ go run ./examples/<your-example>
```

## Using the repository from source

To use a local version of this library from source in another project, edit the `go.mod` with a replace
directive. This can be done through the CLI with the following:

```sh
$ go mod edit -replace github.com/anthropics/anthropic-sdk-go=/path/to/anthropic-sdk-go
```

## Running tests

Most tests require you to [set up a mock server](https://github.com/stoplightio/prism) against the OpenAPI spec to run the tests.

```sh
# you will need npm installed
$ npx prism mock path/to/your/openapi.yml
```

```sh
$ ./scripts/test
```

## Formatting

This library uses the standard gofmt code formatter:

```sh
$ ./scripts/format
```

Commit message:

docs: streamline README, centralize documentation at docs.anthropic.com
Full documentation for the Go SDK is now available at
https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/sdks/go.

The README now focuses on getting started quickly. To suggest
improvements to the documentation, see CONTRIBUTING.md.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing to documentation

The documentation for this SDK lives at [docs.anthropic.com/en/api/sdks/go](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/sdks/go). To suggest changes, hover over any paragraph on the docs site and click the pencil icon that appears to the right. You can then collaborate with Claude on an edit that we'll review and publish.

## Setting up the environment

To set up the repository, run:

```sh
$ ./scripts/bootstrap
$ ./scripts/lint
```

This will install all the required dependencies and build the SDK.

You can also [install go 1.22+ manually](https://go.dev/doc/install).

## Modifying/Adding code

Most of the SDK is generated code. Modifications to code will be persisted between generations, but may
result in merge conflicts between manual patches and changes from the generator. The generator will never
modify the contents of the `lib/` and `examples/` directories.

## Adding and running examples

All files in the `examples/` directory are not modified by the generator and can be freely edited or added to.

```go
# add an example to examples/<your-example>/main.go

package main

func main() {
  // ...
}
```

```sh
$ go run ./examples/<your-example>
```

## Using the repository from source

To use a local version of this library from source in another project, edit the `go.mod` with a replace
directive. This can be done through the CLI with the following:

```sh
$ go mod edit -replace github.com/anthropics/anthropic-sdk-go=/path/to/anthropic-sdk-go
```

## Running tests

Most tests require you to [set up a mock server](https://github.com/stoplightio/prism) against the OpenAPI spec to run the tests.

```sh
# you will need npm installed
$ npx prism mock path/to/your/openapi.yml
```

```sh
$ ./scripts/test
```

## Formatting

This library uses the standard gofmt code formatter:

```sh
$ ./scripts/format
```
